Update README.md (#168)
Toloka/toloka-kit: README.md

[![Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/Toloka/toloka-kit/branch/main/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/Toloka/toloka-kit)
[![GitHub Tests](https://github.com/Toloka/toloka-kit/workflows/Tests/badge.svg?branch=main)](//github.com/Toloka/toloka-kit/actions?query=workflow:Tests)

[Toloka website](https://toloka.ai/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=site&utm_campaign=tolokakit) | [Documentation](https://toloka.ai/en/docs/toloka-kit/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=site&utm_campaign=tolokakit) | [Issue tracker](https://github.com/Toloka/toloka-kit/issues)

Toloka-Kit is a Python library for working with [Toloka API](https://toloka.ai/docs/api/concepts/about.html/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=site&utm_campaign=tolokakit). 

The API allows you to build scalable and fully automated human-in-the-loop ML pipelines, and integrate them into your processes. The toolkit makes integration easier. You can use it with Jupyter notebooks.

* Support for all common Toloka use cases: creating projects, adding pools, uploading tasks, and so on.

> * Toloka entities are represented as Python classes. You can use them instead of accessing the API directly via HTTPS.

Author: Updated that part.

* There’s no need to validate JSON files and work with them directly.

> * Support of both synchronous and asynchronous usages.

Author: ```suggestion
* Support of both synchronous execution and the asynchronous one (via the async/await syntax).
```

> * Streaming support: send and receive data to Toloka in real time. It’s useful when you need to pass data between two related projects: one for data labeling, and another for its validation.  

Reviewer: Maybe we should add a little extra here, to tell users that post validation is not the only use case
```suggestion
* Streaming support: build complex pipelines that send and receive data to Toloka in real time. E.g. you can pass data between two related projects: one for data labeling, and another for its validation.
```
Also we could probably add a link to this example: https://github.com/Toloka/toloka-kit/tree/main/examples/6.streaming_pipelines

Author: Changed to:
>Streaming support: build complex pipelines which send and receive data in real time. For example, you can [pass data between two related projects](https://github.com/Toloka/toloka-kit/blob/main/examples/6.streaming_pipelines/streaming_pipelines.ipynb): one for data labeling, and another for its validation.

Added a link to a certain example instead of a repo with several of them, so that our reader sees an example right away, instead of needing to somehow choose which one to open.

* [AutoQuality](https://medium.com/toloka/automating-crowdsourcing-quality-control-ad057baf00fd) feature which automatically finds the best fitting quality control rules for your project.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure that:
* You are using [Python](https://www.python.org/) v3.7 or higher.
* You are [registered](https://toloka.ai/docs/guide/concepts/access.html/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=site&utm_campaign=tolokakit) in Toloka as a requester.
* You have [topped up](https://toloka.ai/docs/guide/concepts/refill.html/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=site&utm_campaign=tolokakit) your Toloka account.
* You have [set up an OAuth token](https://toloka.ai/docs/api/concepts/access.html/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=site&utm_campaign=tolokakit) to access Toloka API.

## Get Started
1. Install the Toloka-Kit package. Run the following command in the command shell:
```
$ pip install toloka-kit
```

> For production environments, specify the exact package version. The latest stable version is 1.1.3.

Reviewer: We will forget to update this for sure :) Let's reference PyPI for the latest version https://pypi.org/project/toloka-kit/

**Note**: Starting with v1.0.0 release only the core version of the package is installed by default. See the Optional dependencies section for the details.

If you are just starting to use Toloka-Kit, the core package is enough. Our docs explicitly state which features require other packages, so you can install them later if you need them.

2. Check access to the API with the following Python script. The script imports the package, asks to enter the OAuth token, and requests general information about your account.
```python
import toloka.client as toloka
from getpass import getpass

# Uncomment one of the following two lines to specify where to send requests to: sandbox or production version of Toloka
target = 'SANDBOX'
# target = 'PRODUCTION'

toloka_client = toloka.TolokaClient(getpass("Enter your token:"), target)
print(toloka_client.get_requester())
```
If the code above has not raised any errors or exceptions, it means that everything works correctly.

3. Follow our [Learn the basics](https://github.com/Toloka/toloka-kit/blob/main/examples/0.getting_started/0.learn_the_basics/learn_the_basics.ipynb) tutorial to learn how to work with Toloka API using Toloka-Kit.

> Optional dependencies

Reviewer: Let's make this a header

Author: Certainly, it was a typo.
